##March 11, 2014 - New Banks, Routes, and Webhooks
Plaid API, release 2.21

##Overview

We've added a number of new features to the API and continued to expand our bank coverage with the addition of USAA, US Bank, and CapitalOne 360. In addition to our existing webhook notifications for the initial transaction pull, we will now be sending out webhooks each time we perform an update.

Changes are as follows:
 * [Real-Time Balance Checks](internal#Real-Time_Balance_Checks)
 * [Update Credentials](internal#Update_Credentials)
 * [Test API Keys](internal#Test_API_Keys)
 * [Webhooks Galore](internal#Webhooks_Galore)
 * [Account Types](internal#Account_Types)
 * [Transaction Dates](internal#Transaction_Dates)
 * [Add Product](internal#Add_Product)
 * [View Supported Institutions](internal#Institutions_Endpoint)
 * [New Banks](internal#Bank_Integrations)

Full documentation can be found [here](https://www.plaid.com/docs).

---

##Real-Time Balance Checks

We launched the ability to check the balance of an account in real-time. Submit a `GET` request to the `/balance` endpoint with your `client_id`, `secret`, and the user's `access_token` and we will return an an object with the live account balances from the financial institution.

```
curl -X POST https://tartan.plaid.com/balance \
  -d client_id={CLIENT_ID} \
  -d secret={SECRET} \
  -d access_token={ACCESS_TOKEN}
```

```
"accounts": [
  {
    "balance": {
      "current": 999.99,
      "available": 899.99
    },
    "meta": {
      "limit": null,
      "number": "1234",
      "name": "MyAccess Checking"
    },
    "institution_type": "bofa",
    "type": "depository"
  },
  ...
]
```

---

##Update Credentials

We have added `PATCH` to handle updating user credentials. Submit a `PATCH` request to either the `/connect` or `/auth` endpoint with your `client_id` and `secret`, along with the user's `access_token` and revised credential object. 

```
curl -X PATCH https://tartan.plaid.com/connect \
  -d client_id={CLIENT_ID} \
  -d secret={SECRET} \
  -d credentials='{
      "username":"{NEW_USERNAME}", 
      "password":"{NEW_PASSWORD}"}' \
  -d access_token={ACCESS_TOKEN}
```

---

##Test API Keys

We now provide a set of test API keys in our docs that allows users to experiment with API calls in the sandbox environment. To obtain a set of active API keys for use with live accounts, please visit our [signups page](https://plaid.com/signup) or drop us a line [here](mailto:signups@plaid.com).

```
id:              test_id
secret:          test_secret
```

---

##Webhooks Galore

We now transmit webhooks for full transaction updates and normal updates as they occur throughout the day.

---

##Account Types

The `accounts` object now includes a `type` field. The possible acount types are:
 * Depository (checking or savings)
 * Credit (credit card)
 * Loan
 * Mortgage
 * Brokerage
 * Other

---

##Transaction Dates

We enabled new date options when getting transactions, and added the ability to filter based on account. 

###GET by Date Range
Include a `gte` (greater than or equal) and/or `lte` (less than or equal) parameter with date(s) to filter by date. 

###Get by Account
Include the `account` parameter with the account ID to filter by account. 

_Note: These two parameters can be used together to filter by both accounts and dates._

---

##Add Product

The `/upgrade` route allows you to add the Auth product to a Connect user, or vice versa. The `upgrade_to` paramater defines the product to be added (`auth` or `connect`). Submit a `POST` request to `/upgrade` with your `client_id`, `secret`, the user's `access_token`, and the `upgrade_to` parameter. 

```
curl -X POST https://tartan.plaid.com/upgrade \
  -d client_id={CLIENT_ID} \
  -d secret={SECRET} \
  -d access_token={ACCESS_TOKEN} \
  -d upgrade_to="auth" \
  -d options='{"webhook":"http://requestb.in/"}' \
  -d login=true

```

_Note: Using the `login:true` parameter and webhook is recommended. If you know that a user will use both Auth and Connect, the easiest flow to avoid additional MFA is to add Auth first._

---

##Institutions Endpoint

The `/institutions` route requires no authorization and allows you to view details for all Financial Institutions currently supported by Plaid. You can also look up details for a specific institution by using the `/institutions/{ID}` route.

```
curl -X GET https://tartan.plaid.com/institutions
```
or
```
curl -X GET https://tartan.plaid.com/institutions/{ID}
```

```
{
  "id": "5301a93ac140de84910000e0",
  "name": "Bank of America",
  "type": "bofa",
  "has_mfa": true,
  "mfa": [
    "code",
    "list",
    "questions"
  ]
}, ...]
```
_Note: Remember to use `options='{"pretty":"true"}'` for an easier to read output._

---

##Bank Integrations

New Banks!

 * US Bank:         (type: us)
 * USAA:            (type: usaa)
 * CapitalOne 360:  (type: capone360)

_Note: USAA requires multiple MFA questions, US Bank has MFA on Auth only, and CapitalOne 360 does not currently require MFA._
